Include AMD64 Linux binary in `artifactbundle` (#5866)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

> * The command plugin now requires write permissions so that it works with the `--fix` option without an error.  
>   [SimplyDanny](https://github.com/SimplyDanny)
> * The artifactbundle name has changed.
>   `SwiftLintBinary-macos.artifactbundle.zip` is now called `SwiftLintBinary.artifactbundle.zip`.
>   This now includes an AMD64 Linux binary.
>   [Bradley Mackey](https://github.com/bradleymackey)
>   [#5514](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/5514)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The command plugin now requires write permissions so that it works with the `--fix` option without an error.  
  [SimplyDanny](https://github.com/SimplyDanny)

* The artifact bundle name has changed. `SwiftLintBinary-macos.artifactbundle.zip` is now called 
  `SwiftLintBinary.artifactbundle.zip`. It now includes an AMD64 Linux binary.
  [Bradley Mackey](https://github.com/bradleymackey)
  [#5514](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/issues/5514)
```
